README.md, before:

# dissect.volume

A Dissect module implementing a parser for different disk volume and partition systems, for example LVM2, GPT and MBR.
For more information, please see [the documentation](https://dissect.readthedocs.io/en/latest/projects/dissect.volume).

## Build and test instructions

This project uses `tox` to build source and wheel distributions. Run the following command from the root folder to build
these:

```bash
tox -e build
```

The build artifacts can be found in the `dist/` directory.

`tox` is also used to run linting and unit tests in a self-contained environment. To run both linting and unit tests
using the default installed Python version, run:

```bash
tox
```

For a more elaborate explanation on how to build and test the project, please see [the
documentation](https://dissect.readthedocs.io/en/latest/contributing/developing.html#building-testing).

## Contributing

The Dissect project encourages any contribution to the codebase. To make your contribution fit into the project, please
refer to [the style guide](https://dissect.readthedocs.io/en/latest/contributing/style-guide.html).

## Copyright and license

Dissect is released as open source by Fox-IT (<https://www.fox-it.com>) part of NCC Group Plc
(<https://www.nccgroup.com>).

Developed by the Dissect Team (<dissect@fox-it.com>) and made available at <https://github.com/fox-it/dissect>.

License terms: AGPL3 (<https://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0.html>). For more information, see the LICENSE file.

Commit message:

Add installation instructions to README (DIS-1510)

README.md, after:

# dissect.volume

A Dissect module implementing a parser for different disk volume and partition systems, for example LVM2, GPT and MBR.
For more information, please see [the documentation](https://dissect.readthedocs.io/en/latest/projects/dissect.volume).

## Installation

`dissect.volume` is available on [PyPI](https://pypi.org/project/dissect.volume/).

```bash
pip install dissect.volume
```

This module is also automatically installed if you install the `dissect` package.

## Build and test instructions

This project uses `tox` to build source and wheel distributions. Run the following command from the root folder to build
these:

```bash
tox -e build
```

The build artifacts can be found in the `dist/` directory.

`tox` is also used to run linting and unit tests in a self-contained environment. To run both linting and unit tests
using the default installed Python version, run:

```bash
tox
```

For a more elaborate explanation on how to build and test the project, please see [the
documentation](https://dissect.readthedocs.io/en/latest/contributing/developing.html#building-testing).

## Contributing

The Dissect project encourages any contribution to the codebase. To make your contribution fit into the project, please
refer to [the style guide](https://dissect.readthedocs.io/en/latest/contributing/style-guide.html).

## Copyright and license

Dissect is released as open source by Fox-IT (<https://www.fox-it.com>) part of NCC Group Plc
(<https://www.nccgroup.com>).

Developed by the Dissect Team (<dissect@fox-it.com>) and made available at <https://github.com/fox-it/dissect>.

License terms: AGPL3 (<https://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0.html>). For more information, see the LICENSE file.
